5593 azure.resource manager.core readme (#21858)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/resourcemanager/Azure.ResourceManager.Core/samples/Sample1_HelloWorld.md

# Example: Getting a subscription

>Note: Before getting started with the samples, make sure to go trough the [prerequisites]<--(./README.md#Prerequisites)-->.

The following code shows how to get the default subscription:

```csharp

> ArmClient armClient = new ArmClient(new DefaultAzureCredential());

Reviewer: ```suggestion
var armClient = new ArmClient(new DefaultAzureCredential());
```

Subscription subscription = armClient.DefaultSubscription;

> Console.WriteLine(subscription.Id);

Reviewer 2: since we are giving two examples of the same thing lets use the same console.writeline in both

```

> It is possible to get an specific subscription as it's shown next:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's possible to get a specific subscription as follows:
```

> ``` csharp

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```csharp
```

string subscriptionId = "db1ab6f0-4769-4b27-930e-01e2ef9c123c";

> ArmClient armClient = new ArmClient(new DefaultAzureCredential());

Reviewer: ```suggestion
var armClient = new ArmClient(new DefaultAzureCredential());
```

> var subscriptionId = "db1ab6f0-4769-4b27-930e-01e2ef9c123c";

Reviewer 2: don't use var in examples

> Subscription subscription = armClient.GetSubscriptions().TryGet(subscriptionId);

Reviewer 2: use async in examples

Author: Got it. 
According to [this guideline](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/dotnet_introduction.html#dotnet-sync-samples-naming), there should be an Async version of the Hello World.

I'm adding the Async variant for this method in a separate `Sample1_HelloWorldAsync.md`
